hi my name is Nasir karma I'm 22 years
old and I won't start making YouTube
videos what's up guys karma medic here
welcome back to another dose today I
want to make a video when I hear
interview in kcl believe it or not I'm
back with another dose today I want to
talk about the three reasons why I
believe I was rejected from medical
school I just want to say a huge thank
you for us reaching 200 subscribers I'm
currently sitting in a treehouse at an
Airbnb that me and my friends rented
in-depth look at another section of
mutant cats today I'm gonna be doing the
verbal reasoning section the
quantitative reasoning section
decision-making section by the time I
upload this video we'll have reached a
thousand subscribers which is crazy
welcome back to another dose the
remaining cool video of you that I'm
really excited to make talking about my
experience as a graduate student today
I'm gonna do a Q&A today I'm gonna be
making a video all about work experience
I got this glass jar to commemorate our
1k subscribers goal what is up guys
karma medic here and welcome back to
another dose I'm going to be going
through section one of the Bema the
critical thinking and problem-solving
section more specifically the section on
biology section 3 of the beam at our top
MMI interview tips it's gonna be a sit
down video today why did you choose this
medical school today I'm joined by Kenji
again what's up I'm a second year
medical student I King's College London
Kenji and back he's back in the car
medic tech Wizards Cassidy Cassidy Casas
the conference Atacama we're continuing
the MMI series today I'm gonna be
talking about what is in my medical
school backpack get a couple of these
things out of the way
[Music]
I'm coming to you live from Amman Jordan
a little bit closer yeah I think so the
popliteal fossa
that's the popliteal fossa are two of
the ethical dilemma series and this is
my desk setup so I'm gonna be talking
about a subject that is a little bit
difficult for me to talk about today as
you can see from the title we're doing
the 5k Q & A you guys want to follow me
on instagram you can do so right over
here and yeah enjoy part two of the 5k
Q&A so today March 7 2019 marks the
one-year anniversary of me posting
videos to YouTube I can't believe how
much has changed in the quality of my
videos over that time I started off
really shine embarrassed and now I
honestly feel so comfortable it's almost
like I'm talking to a friend when I look
through the lens I've also managed to
talk to so many of you through Instagram
through email and I've even met some of
you guys in person if you do happen to
see me around campus feel free to come
say hi looking back on it I'm so happy
that I started uploading videos to
YouTube at the beginning all I wanted to
do was just help a handful of people and
now here we are by a year later and I'm
getting so many messages from you guys
telling me about the offers that you're
receiving and it's just it's the best
feeling in the world thank you guys for
your support throughout the year and
also for sticking around even when my
hair looked like that but anyways this
YouTube journey has been an absolute
blast
I'm not gonna go anywhere I'm gonna keep
uploading videos every single week I'm
gonna keep making content on Instagram
as well so do feel free to subscribe to
this channel and stick around if you
want to see more video content from me I
can't wait to see where this takes us
next see you guys next time peace